fix: not yet documented logo-href/alt in sidebar (#1080)
quarto-dev/quarto-web: docs/websites/website-navigation.qmd

| `title`          | Sidebar title (uses the project title if none is specified).                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `subtitle`       | Optional subtitle.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| `logo`           | Optional logo image.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| `logo-alt`       | Alternate text for the logo image.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

> | `logo-href`      | Target href from sidebar logo. By default, the logo link to the current page.                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `logo-href`      | Target href for sidebar logo. By default, the logo links to the current page.                                                                                                                                                                                      |
```

> | `logo-href`      | Target href for sidebar logo. By default, the logo links to the current page.                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Author: ```suggestion
| `logo-href`      | Target href from sidebar logo. By default, the logo link to the current page.                                                                                                                                                                                      |
```
